README.md, before:

# Jekyll Pure Liquid Heading Anchors

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/allejo/jekyll-anchor-headings.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/allejo/jekyll-anchor-headings)

GitHub Pages can't run custom Jekyll plug-ins so when generating anchors for your headings (i.e. `h1` - `h6`), you're stuck with JavaScript solutions that will inject anchors. But what if your users don't have JavaScript enabled on their browsers? If you're building a static website, why not make your anchors static as well?

<p align="center">
   <img src=".github/assets/screenshot.png" alt="Sample anchor next to heading">
</p>

As a part of my "Pure Liquid" series of Jekyll snippets, here is a Liquid snippet that will modify your generated HTML to inject anchors. Want to see it in action? Here are some awesome websites that I know of using this solution :heart:.

- [Travis CI Docs](https://github.com/travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com/pull/1909) (fixed in [#1960](https://github.com/travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com/pull/1960))

## Usage

Alright, so how do you use it?

1. Download the latest [`anchor_headings.html`](_includes/anchor_headings.html)
2. Toss that file in your `_includes` folder
3. Where you typically would put `{{ content }}` in your layout, you would instead use this Liquid tag to output your page's content:

   ```liquid
   {% include anchor_headings.html html=content %}
   ```

## Parameters

This snippet is highly customizable. Here are the available parameters to change the behavior of the snippet.

| Parameter       |  Type  | Default | Description |
| --------------  | :----: | :-----: | ----------- |
| `html`          | string | <sup>*</sup> | the HTML of compiled markdown generated by kramdown in Jekyll |
| `beforeHeading` | bool   | false | Set to true if the anchor should be placed _before_ the heading's content |
| `anchorBody`    | string | ''    | The content that will be placed inside the anchor; the `%heading%` placeholder is available |
| `anchorClass`   | string | ''    | The class(es) that will be used for each anchor. Separate multiple classes with a space |
| `anchorTitle`   | string | ''    | The `title` attribute that will be used for anchors; the `%heading%` placeholder is available |
| `h_min`         | int    | 1     | The minimum header level to build an anchor for; any header lower than this value will be ignored |
| `h_max`         | int    | 6     | The maximum header level to build an anchor for; any header greater than this value will be ignored |

<sup>*</sup> This is a required parameter

## Performance

The performance impact of this snippet on your site is pretty negligible. The stats below were gotten from Jekyll's `--profile` option.

```
Filename                                         | Count |    Bytes |  Time
-------------------------------------------------+-------+----------+------

# performance on docs.travis-ci.com from ~Aug 2018
_includes/anchor_headings.html                   |   193 | 1667.96K | 0.695
```

## License

This snippet may be redistributed under the [MIT](LICENSE.md) license.

Commit message:

Add inner heading wrapper; refactor building
- Added 'bodyPrefix' and 'bodySuffix' options to the snippet allowing
  for users to wrap the inner contents of a heading
- Refactor how headings are modified to be easier to understand for
  future changes

README.md, after:

# Jekyll Pure Liquid Heading Anchors

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/allejo/jekyll-anchor-headings.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/allejo/jekyll-anchor-headings)

GitHub Pages can't run custom Jekyll plug-ins so when generating anchors for your headings (i.e. `h1` - `h6`), you're stuck with JavaScript solutions that will inject anchors. But what if your users don't have JavaScript enabled on their browsers? If you're building a static website, why not make your anchors static as well?

<p align="center">
   <img src=".github/assets/screenshot.png" alt="Sample anchor next to heading">
</p>

As a part of my "Pure Liquid" series of Jekyll snippets, here is a Liquid snippet that will modify your generated HTML to inject anchors. Want to see it in action? Here are some awesome websites that I know of using this solution :heart:.

- [Travis CI Docs](https://github.com/travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com/pull/1909) (fixed in [#1960](https://github.com/travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com/pull/1960))

## Usage

Alright, so how do you use it?

1. Download the latest [`anchor_headings.html`](_includes/anchor_headings.html)
2. Toss that file in your `_includes` folder
3. Where you typically would put `{{ content }}` in your layout, you would instead use this Liquid tag to output your page's content:

   ```liquid
   {% include anchor_headings.html html=content %}
   ```

## Parameters

This snippet is highly customizable. Here are the available parameters to change the behavior of the snippet.

| Parameter       |  Type  | Default | Description |
| --------------  | :----: | :-----: | ----------- |
| `html`          | string | <sup>*</sup> | the HTML of compiled markdown generated by kramdown in Jekyll |
| `beforeHeading` | bool   | false | Set to true if the anchor should be placed _before_ the heading's content |
| `anchorBody`    | string | ''    | The content that will be placed inside the anchor; the `%heading%` placeholder is available |
| `anchorClass`   | string | ''    | The class(es) that will be used for each anchor. Separate multiple classes with a space |
| `anchorTitle`   | string | ''    | The `title` attribute that will be used for anchors; the `%heading%` placeholder is available |
| `h_min`         | int    | 1     | The minimum header level to build an anchor for; any header lower than this value will be ignored |
| `h_max`         | int    | 6     | The maximum header level to build an anchor for; any header greater than this value will be ignored |
| `bodyPrefix`    | string | ''    | Anything that should be inserted inside of the heading tag _before_ its anchor and content |
| `bodySuffix`    | string | ''    | Anything that should be inserted inside of the heading tag _after_ its anchor and content |

<sup>*</sup> This is a required parameter

## Performance

The performance impact of this snippet on your site is pretty negligible. The stats below were gotten from Jekyll's `--profile` option.

```
Filename                                         | Count |    Bytes |  Time
-------------------------------------------------+-------+----------+------

# performance on docs.travis-ci.com from ~Aug 2018
_includes/anchor_headings.html                   |   193 | 1667.96K | 0.695
```

## License

This snippet may be redistributed under the [MIT](LICENSE.md) license.
